Add require option (#1021)
trufflesuite/trufflesuite.com: src/docs/truffle/reference/configuration.md

- https://sandbox.truffleteams.com/yoursandboxid
- wss://sandbox.truffleteams.com/yoursandboxid

### console

Use this option to configure the console environment. This is the environment you get when using `truffle console` or `truffle develop`.

> * `require`: Use this to specify JavaScript that will be loaded into the console environment at startup. Your JavaScript's default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `require`: Use this to specify JavaScript module that will be loaded into the console environment at startup. Your module's default
```

export must be an object with named keys. Each key will used as a variable name, assigned its value, and be available in the console environment.
For example, if your JavaScript is `module.exports = { myVariable: "three doughnuts please!" }` then you will have the variable `myVariable`
available in the console with the value `"three doughnuts please!"`.

You may specify this option in several ways.
1. The value of require can be a string path to the target JavaScript file to be loaded.
2. An object with a `path` property that is a string path to the JavaScript to be loaded.

> 3. An object with a `path` property that is a string path to the JavaScript to be loaded as well as an `as` property

Reviewer: Is it possible to add code snippets for each option? I think this will enhance the docs and add something a user could cut and paste into their own config.
